# cross_hashing_contact_tracing_app
Vaccination side effect check &amp; Self quarantine application - Applied cross hashing and k-anonymity method to Google-Apple contact tracing algorithm





---

### Algorithm

---

#### 1. HDKF hash function

---

;;;;

---

#### 2. Contact Tracing Algorithm 

---

`contactTracingAlgorithm.py`  

This is a contact tracing algorithm python file. The algorithms of the main function of the contact tracing exposure notification are implemented with simulation example which is manually set. Algorithms are consisted of 3 big parts. First, Generating major encrypted keys i.e. Tracing Key, Daily Tracing Key, Rolling Proximity Identifier(RPID) , Diagnosis Key,  Secondly, broadcasting the RPID and saving shared RPID to my device.
Finally, matching received Diagnosis Key of infected person and getting notification if I contacted with infected one.

1. Generating major encrypted keys

   > explanation

   * getTracingKey()
   * getDailyTK(tk)
   * getRollingProximityID(dailyTK)

2. Broadcasting the RPID and saving shared RPID to my device

   > explanation

   * contactWithSbd(idx, contactSbdToday)

3. Matching received Diagnosis Key of infected person and getting notification if I contacted with infected one

   > explanation

   * checkIn2WeekandAdd(deq,val)
   * compareToExporuse(confirmed,exposure)

4. Simulation

   > explanation

---

#### 2. Cross Hashing

---

 `crossHasingApp.py`

We applied cross hashing method to the previous contact tracing algorithm. And additioally, added k-anonymity method when we save the encrypted key called CCI. For implementing the cross hashing function, we reused the major key generator algorithms because we use the same Tracing Key, Daily Tracing Key, Rolling Proximity Identifier(RPID) for generating CCI. 

In this `crossHasingApp.py`, we implemented the new application which has two main functions, first one is for checking Vaccine Adverse Reactions in 15 minutes after we got vaccine. The other one is for self-quarantine.

Finally, we set fixed situation which contains all the possibilities during the vaccine adverse reactions check time(15mins) and self-quarantine. And manually simulated the situation for checking the implemented algorithms work successfully.

1. Generating the CCI 

   > CCI is generated by current RPID and one of the last RPID saved in historic RPID list. Therefore, we reused the key generator functions those are implemented for the contact tracing algorithm to generate RPID.

   * 

2. Observation after Vaccinated Application

   *  vaccineSideEffectCheck(waiting_time,dailyTk)
   * checkRPI(TIN, dailtTk)

3. Self-Quarantine Application

   * self_quarantine(dailyTk)

   * get_user_input_from_device(dailyTk)

   * get_user_storeCCIs_from_device(dailyTk)

   * report_to_server(body_conditions, recordedCCIs, brief_check)

   * check_symptoms_contact(start_date, end_date)

     > Explanation :

     Input parameters :

     * `start_date` : 
     * `end_date` :

     Output parameters:

     * `start_date` : 
     * `end_date` :
     * `penalty` :

4. Simulation

   > 

---

### Bluetooth Low Energy

---





---

### New Application

---





